Fix kubeconfigID bugs (#1568)
kyma-project/busola: docs/features.md

  ```

* **KUBECONFIG_ID** – is used to configure the URL to which Busola sends a request to download a kubeconfig file. If you add `?kubeconfigID={your ID}` to the Busola URL, Busola tries to download the kubeconfig from `{kubeconfigUrl}/{yourID}`. If the operation succeeds, Busola adds the kubeconfing file to the cluster.

>   If you use a full address in the **kubeconfigUrl** field, Busola also reads it. Optionally, instruct Busola to show the clusters overview rather than the current context cluster with the **showClustersOverview** property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you use a full address in the **kubeconfigUrl** field, Busola also reads it. Optionally, you can instruct Busola to show the clusters overview rather than the current context cluster, using the **showClustersOverview** property.
```
